# Exercise 14 - Machine Learning for Grown-ups: Trantor guacamole business

|                         |                                                  |
| -----------------------:| ------------------------------------------------ |
|   Turn-in directory :   |  ex14/                                           |
|   Files to turn in :    |  space_avocado.py benchmark_train.py  models.csv |
|   Ressources :          |  space_avocado.csv                               |
|   Authorized modules :  |  numpy                                           |
|   Forbidden modules :   |  sklearn                                         |

## Objective:
Let's do Machine Learning for "real"!

## Introduction:
The dataset is constitued of 5 columns:
* **index**: not relevant.
* **weight**: the avocado weight order (in ton).
* **prod_distance**: distance from where the avocado ordered is produced (in Mkm).
* **time_delivery**: time between the order and the receipt (in days).
* **target**: price of the order (in space money).
It contains the data of all the avocado purchase made by Trantor administration (guacamole is a serious business there).

## Instructions:
You have to explore different models and select the best you find.
To do this:
* Split your `space_avocado.csv` dataset into a training and a test set.
* Use your `polynomial_features` method on your training set.
* Consider several Linear Regression models with polynomial hypotheses with a maximum degree of 4.
* Evaluate your models on the test set.

According to your model evaluations, what is the best hypothesis you can get?
* Plot the evaluation curve which help you to select the best model (evaluation metrics vs models).
* Plot the true price and the predicted price obtain via your best model (3D representation or 3 scatterplots).


The training of all your models can take a long time. Thus you need to train only the best one.
But, you should return in `benchmark_train.py` the program which perform the training of all the models and save the parameters of the different models into a CSV file.
In `models.csv` one must find the parameters of all the models you have explored and trained.
In `space_avocado.py` train the model based on the best hypothesis you find and load the other models from `models.csv`. Then evaluate and plot the different graphics as asked before.
