# Exercise 10 - Practicing Ridge Regression

|                         |                                                                |
| -----------------------:| -------------------------------------------------------------- |
|   Turn-in directory :   |  ex10/                                                         |
|   Files to turn in :    |  space_avocado.py, benchmark_train.py, models.[csv/yml/pickle] |
|   Authorized modules :  |  numpy                                                         |
|   Forbidden modules :   |  sklearn                                                       |

## Objective:  
It's training time!  
Let's practice our brand new Ridge Regression with a polynomial model.

## Introduction:
You have already used the dataset `space_avocado.csv`. The dataset is constituted of 5 columns:
* **index**: not relevant,
* **weight**: the avocado weight order (in ton),
* **prod_distance**: distance from where the avocado ordered is produced (in Mkm),
* **time_delivery**: time between the order and the receipt (in days),
* **target**: price of the order (in trantorian unit).

It contains the data of all the avocado purchase made by Trantor administration.
## Instructions:
You have to explore different models and select the best one. To do this, your program are expected to:
1. Split the dataset into a training, cross validation and test sets.
2. Explore several linear models with polynomial features (maximum degree of $4$).
3. For each hypothesis, consider a regularized factor ranging from $0$ to $1$ with step of $0.2$.
4. Evaluate your models on the cross-validation set.
5. Evaluate the score of the best model on the test set.
According to your model evaluations, what is the best hypothesis you get ?
6. Plot the evaluation curve which help you to select the best model (evaluation metric vs models + $\lambda$ factor).
7. Plot the true price and the predicted price obtain via your best model with the different $\lambda$ values (meaning the dataset + the $5$ predicted curves).

The training of all your models can take a long time. Thus you need to train only the best one during the correction.
But you should return in `benchmark_train.py` the program which perform the training of all the models and save the parameters of the different models into a file(`models.[csv/yml/pickle]`).
In `models.[csv/yml/pickle]` one must find the parameters of all the models you have explored and trained.
`space_avocado.py` program trains the model based on the best hypothesis you find and load the other models from `models.[csv/yml/pickle]`.
Then evaluate the best model on the right set and plot the different graphics as asked before.