# Exercise 02 - TinyStatistician

|                         |                    |
| -----------------------:| ------------------ |
|   Turn-in directory :   |  ex02              |
|   Files to turn in :    |  TinyStatistician.py |
|   Forbidden function :   |  any function that calculates mean, median, quartiles, variance or standard deviation at your place            |
|   Forbidden library :   |  Numpy             |
|   Remarks :             |  n/a               |

**AI Classics:**   
*These exercises are key assignments from the last bootcamp. If you haven't completed them yet, you should finish them first before you continue with today's exercises.*

Create a class named `TinyStatistician` which implements the following methods.   
All methods take in an array and return a new modified one.  
We are assuming that all inputs are correct, i.e. you don't have to protect your functions against input errors.

* `mean(x)` : computes the mean of a given non-empty array `x`, using a for-loop and returns the mean as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty array. This method should not raise any Exception.

Given a vector $x$ of dimension m * 1, the mathematical formula of its mean is:

$$
\mu = \frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{x_i}}{m}
$$

* `median(x)` : computes the median, also called the 50th percentile, of a given non-empty darray `x`, and returns the median as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty array. This method should not raise any Exception.

* `quartile(x, percentile)` : computes the 1st and 3rd quartiles, also called the 25th percentile and the 75th percentile, of a given non-empty array `x`, and returns the quartile as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty array. The first parameter is the array and the second parameter is the expected percentile. This method should not raise any Exception.

* `var(x)` : computes the variance of a given non-empty array `x`, using a for-loop and returns the variance as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty array. This method should not raise any Exception.

Given a vector $x$ of dimension m * 1, the mathematical formula of its variance is:

$$
\sigma^2 = \frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{(x_i - \mu)^2}}{m} = \frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{[x_i - (\frac{1}{m}\sum_{j = 1}^{m}{x_j}})]^2}{m}
$$

* `std(x)` : computes the standard deviation of a given non-empty array `x`, and returns the standard deviation as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty array. This method should not raise any Exception.

Given a vector $x$ of dimension m * 1, the mathematical formula of its standard deviation is:

$$
\sigma = \sqrt{\frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{(x_i - \mu)^2}}{m}} = \sqrt{\frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{[x_i - (\frac{1}{m}\sum_{j = 1}^{m}{x_j}})]^2}{m}}
$$

## Examples
```python
a = [1, 42, 300, 10, 59]
TinyStatistician().mean(a)
# Output:
82.4

TinyStatistician().median(a)
# Output:
42.0

TinyStatistician().quartile(a, 25)
# Output:
10.0

TinyStatistician().quartile(a, 75)
# Output:
59.0

TinyStatistician().var(a)
# Output:
12279.439999999999

TinyStatistician().std(a)
# Output:
110.81263465868862
```
