# Exercise 02 - TinyStatistician

|                         |                    |
| -----------------------:| ------------------ |
|   Turn-in directory :   |  ex02/              |
|   Files to turn in :    |  TinyStatistician.py |
|   Forbidden function :   |  any function that calculates mean, median, quartiles, variance or standard deviation at your place            |
|   Forbidden library :   |  None             |
|   Remarks :             |  n/a               |

**AI Classics:**   
*These exercises are key assignments from the last bootcamp. If you haven't completed them yet, you should finish them first before you continue with today's exercises.*

## Instructions:
Create a class named `TinyStatistician` which implements the following methods.   
All methods take a `list` or a numpy.`ndarray` as parameter.

* `mean(x)` : computes the mean of a given non-empty list or array `x`, using a for-loop. The method returns the mean as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty list or array, or a non expected type object. This method should not raise any Exception.

Given a vector $x$ of dimension m * 1, the mathematical formula of its mean is:

$$
\mu = \frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{x_i}}{m}
$$

* `median(x)` : computes the median, which is also the 50th percentile, of a given non-empty list or array `x` . The method returns the median as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty list or array or a non expected type object. This method should not raise any Exception.

* `quartile(x)` : computes the 1st and 3rd quartiles, also called the 25th percentile and the 75th percentile, of a given non-empty list or array `x`. The method returns the quartiles as a list of 2 floats, otherwise None if `x` is an empty list or array or a non expected type object. This method should not raise any Exception.

* `percentile(x, percentile)` : computes the expected percentile of a given non-empty list or array `x`. The method returns the percentile as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty list or array or a non expected type object. The second parameter is the wished percentile. This method should not raise any Exception.

* `var(x)` : computes the variance of a given non-empty list or array `x`. The method returns the variance as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty list or array or a non expected type object. This method should not raise any Exception.

Given a vector $x$ of dimension m * 1, the mathematical formula of its variance is:

$$
\sigma^2 = \frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{(x_i - \mu)^2}}{m} = \frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{[x_i - (\frac{1}{m}\sum_{j = 1}^{m}{x_j}})]^2}{m}
$$

* `std(x)` : computes the standard deviation of a given non-empty list or array `x`. The method returns the standard deviation as a float, otherwise None if `x` is an empty list or array or a non expected type object. This method should not raise any Exception.

Given a vector $x$ of dimension m * 1, the mathematical formula of its standard deviation is:

$$
\sigma = \sqrt{\frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{(x_i - \mu)^2}}{m}} = \sqrt{\frac{\sum_{i = 1}^{m}{[x_i - (\frac{1}{m}\sum_{j = 1}^{m}{x_j}})]^2}{m}}
$$

## Examples
```python
a = [1, 42, 300, 10, 59]
TinyStatistician().mean(a)
# Output:
82.4

TinyStatistician().median(a)
# Output:
42.0

TinyStatistician().quartile(a)
# Output:
[10.0, 59.0]

TinyStatistician().percentile(a, 10)
# Output:
4.6

TinyStatistician().percentile(a, 15)
# Output:
6.4

TinyStatistician().percentile(a, 20)
# Output:
8.2

TinyStatistician().var(a)
# Output:
12279.439999999999

TinyStatistician().std(a)
# Output:
110.81263465868862
```
