 ### Exercise 11 - Confusion Matrix

|                         |                         |
| -----------------------:| ----------------------- |
|   Turning directory :   |  ex11                   |
|   Files to turn in :    |  confusion_matrix.py    |
|   Forbidden function :  |  None                   |
|   Remarks :             |  n/a                    |

The goal of this exercise is to recreate the function confusion_matrix of sklearn.metrics.

For the sake of simplicity, we will only ask you to have three parameters.
Be careful to respect the order, true labels are indexes and predicted labels are columns !

```python
def confusion_matrix_(y_true, y_pred, labels=None):
```
- y_true: ground truth (correct) labels
- y_pred: predicted labels, as returned by a classifier
- labels: optional, list of labels to index the matrix. This may be used to reorder or select a subset of labels.
- returns: the confusion matrix, as a numpy array

```python
>>> from confusion_matrix import confusion_matrix
>>> y_pred = ['norminet', 'dog', 'norminet', 'norminet', 'dog', 'bird']
>>> y_true = ['dog', 'dog', 'norminet', 'norminet', 'dog', 'norminet']
>>> confusion_matrix_(y_true, y_pred)
array([[0, 0, 0],
       [0, 2, 1],
       [1, 0, 2]])
```

-- Optional --

For a more visual version, instead of a numpy array you can return a pandas dataframe with your class as indexes and columns and the corresponding values.

You can add the option to your original confusion_matrix_ function:

```python
def confusion_matrix_(y_true, y_pred, labels=None, df_option=False):
```
- y_true: ground truth (correct) labels
- y_pred: predicted labels, as returned by a classifier
- labels: optional, list of labels to index the matrix. This may be used to reorder or select a subset of labels.
- df_option: optional, default='False',  if set to True the function will return a pandas dataframe instead of a numpy array
- returns: the confusion matrix, as a numpy array or a pandas dataframe

```python
>>> confusion_matrix_df(y_true, y_pred, df_option=True)
          bird  dog  norminet
bird         0    0         0
dog          0    2         1
norminet     1    0         2
```

N.B: if you fail this exercise on your first attempt, norminet will curse you forever. Yeah, you better do it right or you are in trouble my friend, big trouble !