# Exercise 10 - Practicing Logistic Regression

|                         |                            |
| -----------------------:| -------------------------- |
|   Turn-in directory :   |  ex10/                     |
|   Files to turn in :    |  mono_log.py, nulti_log.py |
|   Authorized modules :  |  Numpy                     |
|   Forbidden modules :   |  sklearn                   |

## Objective:
Now it's time to test your Logistic Regression Classifier on real data!  
You will use the **solar_system_census_dataset**. 

## Instructions:

### Some words about the dataset:
* You will work with data from the last Solar System Census.
* The dataset is divided in two files which can be found in the `resources` folder: `solar_system_census.csv` and `solar_system_census_planets.csv`.
* The first file contains biometric information such as the height, weight, and bone density of several Solar System citizens.
* The second file contains the homeland of each citizen, indicated by its Space Zipcode representation (i.e. one number for each planet... :)).  

As you should know, Solar citizens come from four registered areas (zipcodes): 
- The flying cities of Venus (0), 
- United Nations of Earth (1), 
- Mars Republic (2), 
- The Asteroids' Belt colonies (3).

### Your Task:
You are expected to produce 2 programs that will use Logistic Regression to predict from which planet each citizen comes from, based on the other variables found in the census dataset.  

But wait... what? There are four different planets! How do you make a classifier discriminate between 4 categories? Let's go step by step...

## One Label to Discriminate Them All
You already wrote a Logistic Regression Classifier that can discriminate between two classes. We can use it to solve the problem! Let's start by having it discriminate between citizens who come from your favorite planet and everybody else!
Your program (`mono_log.py`) will:
1. Take an argument `-zipcode=x` whit x being $0$, $1$, $2$ or $3$. If no argument, the usage will be displayed.
2. Split the dataset into a training and a test set.
3. Select your favorite Space Zipcode and generate a new `numpy.ndarray` to label each citizen according to your new selection criterion:
    - $1$ if the citizen's zipcode corresponds to your favorite planet.
    - $0$ if the citizen has another zipcode.
4. Train your logistic regression to predict if a citizen comes from your favorite planet or not, using your brand new label.
5. Calculate and display the fraction of correct predictions over the total number of predictions based on the test set.
6. Plot 3 scatter plots (one for each pair of citizen features) with the dataset and the final prediction of the model.
   **You can use normalization on your dataset. The question is should you?**

You now have a model that can discriminate between citizens that come from one specific planet and everyone else. It's a first step, a good one, but we still have work to do before we can classify citizens among four planets!

So how does **Multiclass Logistic Regression** work?  

## One Versus All

The idea now is to apply what is called **one-versus-all classification**.  
It's quite straightforward:
Your program (`multi_log.py`) will:
1. Split the dataset into a training and a test set.
2. Train 4 separate Logistic Regression classifiers to discriminate between each class and the others (the way you did in part one).
3. Predict for each example the class according to each classifiers and select the one with the highest output probability.
4. Calculate and display the fraction of correct predictions over the total number of predictions based on the test set.
5. Plot 3 scatter plots (one for each pair of citizen features) with the dataset and the final prediction of the model.

## Example:
If a cititzen got the following classification probabilities: 
- Planet 0 vs all: 0.38
- Planet 1 vs all: 0.51
- Planet 2 vs all: 0.12
- Planet 3 vs all: 0.89  

Then the citizen should be classified as coming from *Planet 3*. 